* Much happened in the porting that I didn't write down, stupid I know, but
here we are now.

* IconInfo module was replaced, IWorkbench->WBInfo() used instead.

* Removed the other modules. IMO they're useless anyway.

* Changed some of the default behaviour. Opens on WB Screen as default now,
same with Read and Hex Read windows.

* Ripped out the old iff/datatype loader, replaced it with a new datatypes
loader, that opens a window on DOpus screen.

* Fixed issues with * not working in select by pattern. * Will always work
now.

* Later un-fixed the above. It's a user setting in SYS:Prefs/DOS.

* Added scrollwheel support. Both in the main program but also in some of
the listviews in ConfigOpus. Of course the scrollwheel also works in Read
window.

* I've removed a lot of functions from the original library, replacing them
with system calls instead. Some of those looked like they were invented when
AmigaOS 1.3 was hot.

* Changed the tooltypes and arguments somewhat.
	ICONSTART=1		--> ICONSTART
	BUTTONSTART=1	--> BUTTONSTART
	CHECK=1 		--> CHECK

* Removed the following tooltypes.
	FORCEOPENXAD (always opens xadmaster.library now)
	FORCEOPENXFD (removed support for now)
	USESYSINFO   (not very useful on OS4)

* CLI options have changed.
	-i Iconify
	-b Buttonstart
	-C Check (was -g)
	-c Configfile

* Removed following CLI options.
	-x xfdmaster
	-X xadmaster

* Changed the version requester a little.

* Fixed xadmaster.library support. This falls under the category "Don't
port stuff when you're tired".

* Finally fixed loading of .CFG bug. BIG thanks to Colin Wenzel for leading
me in the right direction.

* Added DOpus_Print to the archive. It prints to a file at least.

* Fixed broken new/old slider look.

* dopus.library can now be flushed.

* Aborting operations no longer crashes.

* Icon Info now opens on same screen as DOpus itself.

* Replaced the old doplay8svx() function with a simple datatypes function
instead.

* Readded the old 8svx routine as Play8svx and LoopPlay8svx commands.

* Delay -1 now works for commands again. Stupid signedness problem.

* Removed IDOpus->SendPacket() function from dopus.library as it was very
old and would eventually break on OS4. DOpusRT now uses a better way of
getting the CON: window pointer.

* Fixed displaying of links. DOpus4 now shows the link underlined as it
used to, and adds "> path:to/real/file" to the comment field as C:List
does.

* Copying dirs with links in them will copy the real file instead of the
link, instead of just ignoring them as it did before.

* Added iconifygadget to main Window. Does the same as the little [I]
button or iconify menuitem.

* Iconifygadget now stays when window is resized.

* Added application.library support. Use tooltype DOCKY or commandline
option -d to enable it. No normal appicon will appear but instead it will
be in AmiDock. Only works if AppIcon is chosen as iconify method.

* Added iconifygadget to View window.

* Added DirectoryOpus.CLA to PROGDIR:S, now you will get all this filetypes
again.

* Removed the custom FileRequester from dopus.library, it's all ASL now.
Please let me know if it causes any problems.

* Added project Icons in PROGDIR:WBStartup, copy one of them into
SYS:WBStartup to have DOpus start at boot time. Particulary usefull if you
set tooltypes to ICONIFY, and perhaps DOCKY. It doesn't read tooltypes from
project icons (yet?) though, only from main executable icon.

* Fixed DOpusRT so that dopus.library now can be flushed. Same fix done to
DOpus_Print

* Fixed crashing when iconifying several viewer windows.

* Internal viewer should now work with the chosen font even in screen mode.

* Removed ASyncIO support. This fix will allow DOpus4 OS4 to work with
FTPMount. Copy routine could still be improved I think.

* Fixed memory leak when copying files.

* Small fixes to the copyfile routine. Should speed up copying.

* Finally nailed the sorting bug.

* Added support for Page Up/Page Down/Home/End keys in both listers and 
text-viewer. Kept the old keypad 1,3,7,9 support for now.

* Fixed serious memory issue that appeared when I removed ASyncIO support.
Using freed memory isn't very nice.

* Finally fixed the version numbering. Had to create a new tool for it but
it was worth it.

* When doubleclicking a file, it will now check if it's a picture or sound
via datatypes.

* Fixed the default config to look and feel more modern, and use the new
things in AmigaOS 4. Thanks to Christoph Gutjahr for the suggested default
config.
